[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro music playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
CANDY STRATEGY
[humming]
I'm home!
I'm hungry. Are there any snacks?
Hm? Snacks?
Wait, who are you?
Who am I? What do you mean?
How dare you just barge into my house!
Mom, what are you talking about?
If you don't leave, I'll call the police.
Stop joking around. You're scaring me.
I'm the one who's scared.
There's a stranger in my house.
I'm home!
-Dad!
-Huh?
Something's wrong with Mom!
She's saying stuff like, "Who are you?"
Huh?
Who are you?
-Huh?
-She keeps calling me "Mom." It's creepy.
Where do you live?
Here!
-Let's call the police.
-[Dad] Good idea.
-Hello, police?
-Yes, this is the police.
[Naoko screaming]
[growl]
[panting]
[girls giggling]
Huh?
Kana! Erika!
Help me!
My parents are acting weird.
They don't recognize me!
Uh...
Who are you?
Do you go to our school?
Kana, Erika.
What's going on?
We don't know this girl, but...
She's saying something
about her mom and dad.
You don't know her?
Sounds fishy.
[Naoko gulps]
Anyone not in our group is an enemy.
That is the logical conclusion.
Let's capture her.
[menacing laughter]
[screams]
It stinks down here!
[footsteps sloshing]
[screams]
-[Mr. Handa] Naoko!
-Huh?
You scared me,
"stinking" your head down here like that.
I thought you were a monster.
Mr. Handa! What are you doing down here?
I'm treasure-hunting, what else?
In the sewer?
I can smell treasure
somewhere around here.
All I smell is the sewer.
Well, I "stink" there's treasure!
[all] There she is! Get her!
[cries out]
What is it?
They're after me!
This way!
Leave it to me.
I know my way
around the sewer system.
Huh?
It's a dead end.
-Come on!
-[Yamada] You're not getting away.
Trapped like a rat.
All I have to say is... "Rats!"
That's so lame...
Speaking of rats,
what did one lab rat say to the other?
What are you blabbering about?
It said, "I've got my scientist
so well trained,
that every time I push the buzzer,
he comes over and brings me a snack."
Pretty funny, huh?
[groans] No more! Please, no more!
-That sent shivers down my spine.
-So cold!
What's the matter?
[gasps] Mr. Handa, try some more
of your lame dad jokes!
As they say at the opera,
it ain't over till the "rat" lady sings!
[yelling]
Huh?
Where are we?
Why are we here?
Hey, it's Naoko Watanabe.
You remembered me!
What's with this? Something's amiss.
Enough with the rhyming.
We got them for free by the station.
Come try our latest new candy!
Get a free sample while they last!
-Hi there.
-Can I have one?
-It's free.
-Yay!
[Lemon] How is it?
It's like it cleared my mind.
And now you're our robot.
-Sit!
-Woof.
It's amazingly effective.
It's so simple.
Once a human puts this in their mouth,
they become a robot under our control.
[laughs mischievously] I could use this
to gain control over Naoko!
No, we're going to use it
to conquer Earth.
We're doing this
because you keep stalling.
Okay, I'll leave the Earth-conquering
to you two.
I'll conquer Naoko.
You ridiculous alien!
Oh! Naoko!
Here, Naoko, try this candy,
and then you'll do anything I say.
Don't give away our secret!
-I knew it was you!
-[chuckling]
Now you've really made me...
super angry!
-[roars]
-[screams]
-[both scream]
This is bad, sis!
It's all over if the control machine
is destroyed!
Relax!
Most of the townspeople
have already been turned into robots.
-Babu.
-Halley Hello.
[growling]
[growl]
-Woof, woof.
-Croquette.
Gau, Gau.
[townspeople growling]
Well? Are you gonna attack them?
Even Gauko wouldn't dare
hurt the townspeople.
She's kinder than I thought.
There's only one thing to do.
Mr. Handa, you're on!
I told them not to build that fence,
but they did, and now I'm "in-fenced"!
[moaning]
Lemon, something's wrong.
Oh, no! The program is vulnerable
to bad dad jokes and puns.
I already told them,
it doesn't make "fence"!
[moaning]
Don't worry. I'll give the program
an anti-dad joke vaccination.
[growling]
Take that!
Darn...
Don't give up, Mr. Handa!
Try an even cornier joke!
A boiled egg is hard to beat!
[groaning]
I'll show them!
Extra-strength anti-dad joke vaccine!
[growling]
What are you doing?
We're fighting the dad jokes
with anti-dad joke vaccines.
What's a dad joke?
It's a lame joke or pun.
Hey, I got one! Melons have weddings
because they cantaloupe!
Huh?
[groaning]
[sigh]
-You fool!
-What?
Everyone, run! Gauko's gonna breathe fire!
[townspeople screaming]
[roars]
Beaten like a raw egg!
With peace restored, farmers no longer
had to say, "Give peas a chance!"
Just kidding!
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪
Subtitle translation by Krysta Uyekawa